Add introduction login method. (#286)
kmyk/online-judge-tools: readme.md

    -   Yes. You can use `--directory` (`-d`) option. However, I recommend to make one directory per one problem.
-   Can I specify problems by their IDs or names, instead of URLs?
    -   No. I have tried it once, but it is actually not so convenient and only increases the maintenance cost.

> -   I don't want to input plaintext password to this tool.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   I don't want to give my password to this program.
```

なんだか冠詞が不安な気がしたので

>     - You can login with session cookies. Please see [Here](https://github.com/kmyk/online-judge-tools/blob/master/LOGIN_WITH_COOKIES.md).

Author: FAQではない？

Reviewer: まだ誰からも聞かれたことはないよ (でもここに入れるのが適切そう)

>     - You can login with session cookies. Please see [Here](https://github.com/kmyk/online-judge-tools/blob/master/LOGIN_WITH_COOKIES.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    -   You can use this giving only your session token. Please see [here](https://github.com/kmyk/online-judge-tools/blob/master/LOGIN_WITH_COOKIES.md).
```

session cookie と言うと別の意味になることに気付きました。
参考:

-   https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/HTTP_cookie#Session_cookie
-   https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Session_ID
